org.spigotmc.event.entity.EntityDismountEvent: entities.dismount
org.spigotmc.event.entity.EntityMountEvent: entities.mount
org.spigotmc.event.player.PlayerSpawnLocationEvent: players.spawn
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockBreakEvent: blocks.break
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockBurnEvent: blocks.burn
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockCanBuildEvent: blocks.can.build
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockCookEvent: blocks.cooking_finished
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockDamageAbortEvent: blocks.break.stop
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockDamageEvent: blocks.damage
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockDispenseArmorEvent: blocks.dispense.armor
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockDispenseEvent: blocks.dispense
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockDropItemEvent: blocks.drop.item
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockEvent: blocks
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockExpEvent: blocks.exp
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockExplodeEvent: blocks.explode
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockFadeEvent: blocks.melt
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockFertilizeEvent: blocks.bonemealed
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockFormEvent: blocks.form
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockFromToEvent: blocks.liquid.move
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockGrowEvent: blocks.grow
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockIgniteEvent: blocks.ignite
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockMultiPlaceEvent: blocks.place.double
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockPhysicsEvent: blocks.physics
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockPistonEvent: blocks.piston
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockPistonExtendEvent: blocks.piston.extend
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockPistonRetractEvent: blocks.piston.retract
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockPlaceEvent: blocks.place
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockReceiveGameEvent: blocks.skulk.activate
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockRedstoneEvent: blocks.redstone.change
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockShearEntityEvent: blocks.dispense.shear
org.bukkit.event.block.BlockSpreadEvent: blocks.spread
org.bukkit.event.block.CauldronLevelChangeEvent: blocks.cauldron.level
org.bukkit.event.block.EntityBlockFormEvent: entities.blocks.form
org.bukkit.event.block.FluidLevelChangeEvent: blocks.liquid.level
org.bukkit.event.block.LeavesDecayEvent: blocks.leaves.decay
org.bukkit.event.block.MoistureChangeEvent: blocks.soil.moisture
org.bukkit.event.block.NotePlayEvent: blocks.note_block.play
org.bukkit.event.block.SignChangeEvent: blocks.sign
org.bukkit.event.block.SpongeAbsorbEvent: blocks.sponge
org.bukkit.event.enchantment.EnchantItemEvent: items.enchant.success
org.bukkit.event.enchantment.PrepareItemEnchantEvent: items.enchant.insert
org.bukkit.event.entity.AreaEffectCloudApplyEvent: entities.area_effect.apply
org.bukkit.event.entity.ArrowBodyCountChangeEvent: entities.arrow.count
org.bukkit.event.entity.BatToggleSleepEvent: entities.bat.sleep
org.bukkit.event.entity.CreatureSpawnEvent: entities.spawn
org.bukkit.event.entity.CreeperPowerEvent: entities.creeper.lightning
org.bukkit.event.entity.EnderDragonChangePhaseEvent: entities.ender_dragon.attack_phase
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityAirChangeEvent: entities.air.change
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityBreakDoorEvent: entities.break.door
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityBreedEvent: entities.breed
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityChangeBlockEvent: entities.change.block
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityCombustByBlockEvent: entities.combust.block by block
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityCombustByEntityEvent: entities.combust.entity by entity
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityCombustEvent: entities.combust
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityDamageByBlockEvent: entities.damage by block
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityDamageByEntityEvent: entities.damage by entity
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityDamageEvent: entities.damage
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityDeathEvent: entities.death
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityDropItemEvent: entities.drop.item
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityEnterBlockEvent: entities.enter.block
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityEnterLoveModeEvent: entities.love_mode
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityEvent: entities
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityExhaustionEvent: entities.exhaustion
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityExplodeEvent: entities.explode
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityInteractEvent: entities.interact
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityPickupItemEvent: entities.pickup.item
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityPlaceEvent: entities.spawn.from_item by player
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityPortalEnterEvent: entities.portal.enter
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityPortalEvent: entities.portal
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityPortalExitEvent: entities.portal.exit
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityPoseChangeEvent: entities.pose
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityPotionEffectEvent: entities.potion
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityRegainHealthEvent: entities.regain.health
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityResurrectEvent: entities.resurrect
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityShootBowEvent: entities.shoot.bow
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntitySpawnEvent: entities.spawn
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntitySpellCastEvent: entities.spell.cast
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityTameEvent: entities.tame by player
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityTargetEvent: entities.target
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityTargetLivingEntityEvent: entities.target.living_entity
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityTeleportEvent: entities.teleport
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityToggleGlideEvent: entities.glide.toggle
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityToggleSwimEvent: entities.swim.toggle
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityTransformEvent: entities.transform
org.bukkit.event.entity.EntityUnleashEvent: entities.leash.remove
org.bukkit.event.entity.ExpBottleEvent: entities.spawn.exp_bottle
org.bukkit.event.entity.ExplosionPrimeEvent: entities.explode.begin
org.bukkit.event.entity.FireworkExplodeEvent: entities.explode.firework
org.bukkit.event.entity.FoodLevelChangeEvent: entities.food.level
org.bukkit.event.entity.HorseJumpEvent: entities.jump.horse
org.bukkit.event.entity.ItemDespawnEvent: entities.despawn.item
org.bukkit.event.entity.ItemMergeEvent: entities.merge.item
org.bukkit.event.entity.ItemSpawnEvent: entities.spawn.from_item
org.bukkit.event.entity.LingeringPotionSplashEvent: entities.lingering_potion.splash
org.bukkit.event.entity.PiglinBarterEvent: entities.barter.piglin
org.bukkit.event.entity.PigZapEvent: entities.zap.pig
org.bukkit.event.entity.PigZombieAngerEvent: entities.pig_zombie.anger
org.bukkit.event.entity.PlayerDeathEvent: players.death
org.bukkit.event.entity.PlayerLeashEntityEvent: players.leash.entity
org.bukkit.event.entity.PotionSplashEvent: entities.potion.splash
org.bukkit.event.entity.ProjectileHitEvent: entities.projectile.hit
org.bukkit.event.entity.ProjectileLaunchEvent: entities.projectile.launch
org.bukkit.event.entity.SheepDyeWoolEvent: entities.sheep.dye
org.bukkit.event.entity.SheepRegrowWoolEvent: entities.sheep.regrow
org.bukkit.event.entity.SlimeSplitEvent: entities.slime.split
org.bukkit.event.entity.SpawnerSpawnEvent: entities.spawn.spawner
org.bukkit.event.entity.StriderTemperatureChangeEvent: entities.strider.temperature
org.bukkit.event.entity.VillagerAcquireTradeEvent: entities.villager.trade
org.bukkit.event.entity.VillagerCareerChangeEvent: entities.villager.career
org.bukkit.event.entity.VillagerReplenishTradeEvent: entities.villager.replenish_trade
org.bukkit.event.hanging.HangingBreakByEntityEvent: entities.hanging.break by entity
org.bukkit.event.hanging.HangingBreakEvent: entities.hanging.break
org.bukkit.event.hanging.HangingEvent: entities.hanging
org.bukkit.event.hanging.HangingPlaceEvent: entities.spawn.hanging
org.bukkit.event.inventory.BrewEvent: blocks.brew.finish
org.bukkit.event.inventory.BrewingStandFuelEvent: blocks.brew.fuel
org.bukkit.event.inventory.CraftItemEvent: players.craft
org.bukkit.event.inventory.FurnaceBurnEvent: blocks.furnace.fuel.burnt
org.bukkit.event.inventory.FurnaceExtractEvent: blocks.furnace.extract
org.bukkit.event.inventory.FurnaceSmeltEvent: blocks.furnace.finish
org.bukkit.event.inventory.FurnaceStartSmeltEvent: blocks.furnace.start
org.bukkit.event.inventory.InventoryClickEvent: players.inventory.click
org.bukkit.event.inventory.InventoryCloseEvent: players.inventory.close
org.bukkit.event.inventory.InventoryCreativeEvent: players.inventory.click.creative
org.bukkit.event.inventory.InventoryDragEvent: players.inventory.drag
org.bukkit.event.inventory.InventoryEvent: players.inventory
org.bukkit.event.inventory.InventoryInteractEvent: players.inventory.interact
org.bukkit.event.inventory.InventoryMoveItemEvent: players.inventory.item.move
org.bukkit.event.inventory.InventoryOpenEvent: players.inventory.open
org.bukkit.event.inventory.InventoryPickupItemEvent: players.item.pickup
org.bukkit.event.inventory.PrepareAnvilEvent: blocks.anvil.prepare
org.bukkit.event.inventory.PrepareItemCraftEvent: players.craft.prepare
org.bukkit.event.inventory.PrepareSmithingEvent: blocks.smithing.prepare
org.bukkit.event.inventory.SmithItemEvent: blocks.smithing.finish
org.bukkit.event.inventory.TradeSelectEvent: players.trade.select
org.bukkit.event.player.AsyncPlayerChatEvent: players.chat
org.bukkit.event.player.AsyncPlayerPreLoginEvent: players.pre_login
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerAdvancementDoneEvent: players.advancement
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerAnimationEvent: players.animation
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerArmorStandManipulateEvent: players.armor_stand.manipulate
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerBedEnterEvent: players.bed.enter
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerBedLeaveEvent: players.bed.leave
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerBucketEmptyEvent: players.bucket.empty
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerBucketEntityEvent: entities.pickup.bucket by player
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerBucketEvent: players.bucket
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerBucketFillEvent: players.bucket.fill
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerChangedMainHandEvent: players.main_hand.change
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerChangedWorldEvent: players.world.change
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerChannelEvent: players.channel
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerCommandPreprocessEvent: players.command.preprocess
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerCommandSendEvent: players.command.send
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerDropItemEvent: players.drop.item
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerEditBookEvent: players.book.edit
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerEggThrowEvent: players.egg.throw
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerEvent: players
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerExpChangeEvent: players.exp
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerFishEvent: players.fish
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerGameModeChangeEvent: players.gamemode
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerHarvestBlockEvent: blocks.harvest by player
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerInteractAtEntityEvent: players.right_click.entity
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerInteractEvent: players.right_click
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerItemBreakEvent: players.item.break
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerItemConsumeEvent: players.item.consume
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerItemDamageEvent: players.item.damage
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerItemHeldEvent: players.held_item.change
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerItemMendEvent: players.item.mend
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerJoinEvent: players.join
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerKickEvent: players.kick
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerLevelChangeEvent: players.level
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerLocaleChangeEvent: players.language
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerLoginEvent: players.login
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerMoveEvent: players.move
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerPickupArrowEvent: players.arrow.pickup
org.bukkit.event.player.EntityPickupItemEvent: entities.item.pickup
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerPortalEvent: players.portal
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerQuitEvent: players.quit
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerRecipeDiscoverEvent: players.recipe.discover
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerRegisterChannelEvent: players.channel.register
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerResourcePackStatusEvent: players.resource_pack.status
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerRespawnEvent: players.respawn
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerRiptideEvent: players.riptide
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerShearEntityEvent: players.shear.entity
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerStatisticIncrementEvent: players.statistic
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerSwapHandItemsEvent: players.swap_hand_items
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerTakeLecternBookEvent: players.lectern.take
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerTeleportEvent: players.teleport
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerToggleFlightEvent: players.flight.toggle
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerToggleSneakEvent: players.sneak
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerToggleSprintEvent: players.sprint
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerUnleashEntityEvent: entities.leash.remove by player
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerUnregisterChannelEvent: players.channel.unregister
org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerVelocityEvent: players.velocity
org.bukkit.event.raid.RaidEvent: raids
org.bukkit.event.raid.RaidFinishEvent: raids.finish
org.bukkit.event.raid.RaidSpawnWaveEvent: raids.spawn.wave
org.bukkit.event.raid.RaidStopEvent: raids.stop
org.bukkit.event.raid.RaidTriggerEvent: raids.triggered
org.bukkit.event.server.BroadcastMessageEvent: server.broadcast
org.bukkit.event.server.MapInitializeEvent: server.map.init
org.bukkit.event.server.PluginDisableEvent: server.plugin.disable
org.bukkit.event.server.PluginEnableEvent: server.plugin.enable
org.bukkit.event.server.PluginEvent: server.plugin
org.bukkit.event.server.RemoteServerCommandEvent: server.command
org.bukkit.event.server.ServerCommandEvent: server.command
org.bukkit.event.server.ServerEvent: server
org.bukkit.event.server.ServerListPingEvent: server.ping
org.bukkit.event.server.ServerLoadEvent: server.load
org.bukkit.event.server.ServiceEvent: server.service
org.bukkit.event.server.ServiceRegisterEvent: server.service.register
org.bukkit.event.server.ServiceUnregisterEvent: server.service.unregister
org.bukkit.event.server.TabCompleteEvent: players.tab_complete
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleBlockCollisionEvent: entities.vehicle.block_collision
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleCollisionEvent: entities.vehicle.collision
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleCreateEvent: entities.vehicle.create
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleDamageEvent: entities.vehicle.damage
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleDestroyEvent: entities.vehicle.destroy
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleEnterEvent: entities.vehicle.enter
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleEntityCollisionEvent: entities.vehicle.collision by entity
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleEvent: entities.vehicle
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleExitEvent: entities.vehicle.exit
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleMoveEvent: entities.vehicle.move
org.bukkit.event.vehicle.VehicleUpdateEvent: entities.vehicle.update
org.bukkit.event.weather.LightningStrikeEvent: entities.lightning.strike
org.bukkit.event.weather.ThunderChangeEvent: entities.lightning.change
org.bukkit.event.weather.WeatherChangeEvent: entities.weather.change
org.bukkit.event.weather.WeatherEvent: entities.weather
org.bukkit.event.world.ChunkLoadEvent: worlds.chunk.load
org.bukkit.event.world.ChunkPopulateEvent: worlds.chunk.populate
org.bukkit.event.world.ChunkUnloadEvent: worlds.chunk.unload
org.bukkit.event.world.EntitiesLoadEvent: worlds.entity.load
org.bukkit.event.world.EntitiesUnloadEvent: worlds.entity.unload
org.bukkit.event.world.LootGenerateEvent: worlds.loot.generate
org.bukkit.event.world.PortalCreateEvent: worlds.portal.create
org.bukkit.event.world.SpawnChangeEvent: worlds.spawn_point.change
org.bukkit.event.world.StructureGrowEvent: worlds.structure.generate
org.bukkit.event.world.TimeSkipEvent: worlds.time.skip
org.bukkit.event.world.WorldEvent: worlds
org.bukkit.event.world.WorldInitEvent: worlds.init
org.bukkit.event.world.WorldLoadEvent: worlds.load
org.bukkit.event.world.WorldSaveEvent: worlds.save
org.bukkit.event.world.WorldUnloadEvent: worlds.unload
org.bukkit.event.world.ChunkEvent: worlds.chunk
